when you cut it into pieces when you cut
different parts there are some parts of the
body then that will float
and others that won't What a coincidence that the
intestinal tract and the hip that
can float have appeared in the
landfill because that was Of course if he
threw it into the sea it would float and it seems to me
that there has been some
kind of search even on how to
get rid of a Noel I don't know if this
appeared in the Google searches that
he did I don't get to know but I think
that this one is a little searched how to
do it How to get rid of it properly Which
part is where to throw them this could
possibly be another episode that comes out in
the next few weeks that they investigate the
search history of the mobile, the PC
or whatever and suddenly what
Borja is explaining to us appears